createCourse java
createCourse python
createCourse c#
createCourse java
createCourse golang
createCourse c++
createCourse pascal

createStudent 1 Garry Kasparov 221b
createStudent 2 Anatoly Karpov 197c
createStudent 3 Mikhail Botvinnik 089a
createStudent 1 Garry Kasparov 221b

createAssistant 1 Mikhail Tal
createAssistant 2 Boris Spassky

createProfessor 1 Magnus Carlsen DOCENT
createProfessor 1 Bobby Fischer DOCENT
createProfessor 2 Jose-Raul Capablanca PROFESSOR
createProfessor 3 Paul Morphy PROFESSOR

assignStudentToCourse 1 java
assignStudentToCourse 2 python
assignStudentToCourse 3 java
assignStudentToCourse 1 c#
assignStudentToCourse 2 java
assignStudentToCourse 3 c#
assignStudentToCourse 1 java
assignStudentToCourse 1 golang
assignStudentToCourse 2 c++
assignStudentToCourse 3 pascal
assignStudentToCourse 2 ruby
assignStudentToCourse 3 c++


assignAssistantToCourse 1 java
assignAssistantToCourse 1 python
assignAssistantToCourse 2 c#
assignAssistantToCourse 2 java11
assignAssistantToCourse 3 java

assignProfessorToCourse 2 java
assignProfessorToCourse 1 python
assignProfessorToCourse 3 C#
assignProfessorToCourse 3 java
assignProfessorToCourse 2 c#
assignProfessorToCourse 2 golang
assignProfessorToCourse 2 c++
assignProfessorToCourse 2 pascal
assignProfessorToCourse 2 python

removeStudentFromCourse 1 java
removeStudentFromCourse 1 pascal
removeStudentFromCourse 3 c#
removeStudentFromCourse 2 c++

deleteStudent 1
deleteStudent 2

deleteCourse golang
deleteCourse pascal

deleteAssistant 1
deleteAssistant 3

deleteProfessor 1
deleteProfessor 2
deleteProfessor 8

